PD-701: Drain sharedv4 nodes (#1017)
portworx/pxdocs: content/reference/CLI/service.md

   2c7dc008-147a-435d-a1ff-a2a1f157f6be	nathan-docs-root-lasher-2	70.0.59.32	3.109244	6.1 GB		4.5 GB		N/A		2.6.2.0-562f049		3.10.0-862.3.2.el7.x86_64	CentOS Linux 7 (Core)	Online
   ```

2. Enter the `pxctl service node cordon-attachments` command with the `--node string` flag followed by the ID of the node you want to cordon:

   ```text
   pxctl service node cordon-attachments --node <node-ID>
   ```
   ```output
   Volume attachments cordoned on node 1cfdb2a5-da08-4158-9883-7fa9e52c59e0.
   Note: Volumes which are already attached on this node will stay attached.
   To drain existing attachments use: pxctl service node cordon-attachments submit --node 1cfdb2a5-da08-4158-9883-7fa9e52c59e0
   ```

### Remove node cordons

To remove a node's cordon, enter the `pxctl service node uncordon-attachments` command with the `--node string` flag followed by the ID of the node you want to remove the cordon for:

```text
pxctl service node uncordon-attachments --node <node-ID>
```
```output
Volume attachments re-enabled on node 1cfdb2a5-da08-4158-9883-7fa9e52c59e0.
```

<!-- 

>    Is there any way to see which nodes are currently cordoned? 

Reviewer: From the  `pxctl status` output, the nodes marked as "Attachments Disabled"  are currently cordoned for new attachments.

```
Status: PX is operational (Volume Attachments are disabled)
License: Trial (expires in 13 days)
Node ID: cde9d693-dc1d-4adf-ba49-8b749f40db18
        IP: 192.168.205.12
        Local Storage Pool: 1 pool
        POOL    IO_PRIORITY     RAID_LEVEL      USABLE  USED    STATUS  ZONE    REGION
        0       LOW             raid0           20 GiB  3.1 GiB Online  default default
        Local Storage Devices: 1 device
        Device  Path            Media Type              Size            Last-Scan
        0:1     /dev/sdc        STORAGE_MEDIUM_MAGNETIC 20 GiB          23 Nov 20 18:21 UTC
        total                   -                       20 GiB
        Cache Devices:
         * No cache devices
        Kvdb Device:
        Device Path     Size
        /dev/sdd        20 GiB
         * Internal kvdb on this node is using this dedicated kvdb device to store its data.
Cluster Summary
        Cluster ID: px-cluster-95d5f170-9be8-47c3-bad6-c5e6af466980
        Cluster UUID: b5fae52f-2bbb-4ad1-b212-219eac8bfbac
        Scheduler: kubernetes
        Nodes: 3 node(s) with storage (3 online)
        IP              ID                                      SchedulerNodeName       StorageNode     Used    Capacity        Status                          StorageStatus   Version         KernelOS
        192.168.205.13  ce2bd98d-68ec-4ccf-8b38-2b95641a03b3    k8s-node-3              Yes             3.1 GiB 20 GiB          Online                          Up              3.0.0.0-090dfd7 4.4.0-187-generic     Ubuntu 16.04.6 LTS
        192.168.205.12  cde9d693-dc1d-4adf-ba49-8b749f40db18    k8s-node-2              Yes             3.1 GiB 20 GiB          Online,AttachmentsDisabled      Up (This node)  3.0.0.0-090dfd7 4.4.0-187-generic     Ubuntu 16.04.6 LTS
        192.168.205.11  cd455eda-781b-49fc-b0a7-7ae66bd324f6    k8s-node-1              Yes             3.1 GiB 20 GiB          Online                          Up              3.0.0.0-38651d7 4.4.0-187-generic     Ubuntu 16.04.6 LTS
        Warnings:
                 WARNING: Insufficient CPU resources. Detected: 2 cores, Minimum required: 4 cores
                 WARNING: Persistent journald logging is not enabled on this node.
                 WARNING: Cluster consists of nodes with different PX versions.
Global Storage Pool
        Total Used      :  9.2 GiB
        Total Capacity  :  60 GiB
```

   
-->

> ## Drain sharedv4 volume attachments

Reviewer: nit: Drain volume attachments
This command drains both sharedv4 and regular volumes

> If you have a node with sharedv4 volumes attached to it, you can remove them using the `pxctl service node drain-attachments` command. This command executes volume drain operations as a background job. This command drains all sharedv4 volumes from a node. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a node with volumes attached to it, you can remove them using the `pxctl service node drain-attachments` command. This command executes volume drain operations as a background job. This command will delete all the pods that are using the volumes which are attached on this node. 
```

<!-- 
   
   Is it possible for a cluster to have both sharedv4 volumes and in-tree driver volumes? if so, what happens in that case? 
   

>    Do we recommend using this in conjunction with the cordon command to lock certain nodes out of participating in new sharedv4 volume attachments? For example, if we don't cordon a node, then drain multiple nodes, could those nodes end up with sharedv4 volumes reattached?

Reviewer: The user does not need to cordon the node since the drain command does that internally.

   ```output
   Cluster ID: local-ddryeu-20-11-17-01-27-43-px-int
   Cluster UUID: fd4fdefa-0830-4453-9f24-091e20d68ad1
   Status: OK

   Nodes in the cluster:
   ID					SCHEDULER_NODE_NAME		DATA IP		CPU		MEM TOTAL	MEM FREE	CONTAINERS	VERSION			Kernel				OS			STATUS
   1cfdb2a5-da08-4158-9883-7fa9e52c59e0	nathan-docs-root-lasher-3	70.0.55.225	3.193277	6.1 GB		4.5 GB		N/A		2.6.2.0-b5b1d0c		3.10.0-862.3.2.el7.x86_64	CentOS Linux 7 (Core)	Online
   c7181271-c4fc-472a-9e5f-28b223b256a0	nathan-docs-root-lasher-0	70.0.31.114	12.827004	6.1 GB		4.5 GB		N/A		2.6.2.0-562f049		3.10.0-862.3.2.el7.x86_64	CentOS Linux 7 (Core)	Online
   2c7dc008-147a-435d-a1ff-a2a1f157f6be	nathan-docs-root-lasher-2	70.0.59.32	3.109244	6.1 GB		4.5 GB		N/A		2.6.2.0-562f049		3.10.0-862.3.2.el7.x86_64	CentOS Linux 7 (Core)	Online
   ```

2. enter the submit command:
   
   ```text
   pxctl service node drain-attachments submit --node <node-id>
   ```
   ```
   Drain volume attachments request: 624258766140697912 submitted successfully for node 1cfdb2a5-da08-4158-9883-7fa9e52c59e0
   For latest status: pxctl service node drain-attachments status --job-id 624258766140697912
   ```

> 

Reviewer: Lets add a note here: 
The drain command will disable new volume attachments on the node. In order to re-enable attachments on this node you can run this command
`pxctl service node uncordon-attachments`
